com/app/doggi/utils/exceptions/NatureDoesNotExistException.java
 com.app.doggi.utils.exceptions.NatureDoesNotExistException
com/app/doggi/service/implementation/ColorServiceImpl.java
 com.app.doggi.service.implementation.ColorServiceImpl
com/app/doggi/utils/exceptions/DogBreedDoesNotHaveNatureException.java
 com.app.doggi.utils.exceptions.DogBreedDoesNotHaveNatureException
com/app/doggi/controller/dtos/stdin/DogBreedStdInDto.java
 com.app.doggi.controller.dtos.stdin.DogBreedStdInDto
com/app/doggi/utils/exceptionhandler/RestExceptionHandler.java
 com.app.doggi.utils.exceptionhandler.RestExceptionHandler
com/app/doggi/model/DogBreed.java
 com.app.doggi.model.DogBreed
com/app/doggi/utils/exceptions/DogBreedHeightMandatoryException.java
 com.app.doggi.utils.exceptions.DogBreedHeightMandatoryException
com/app/doggi/controller/dtos/stdin/CountryStdInDto.java
 com.app.doggi.controller.dtos.stdin.CountryStdInDto
com/app/doggi/controller/NatureRestController.java
 com.app.doggi.controller.NatureRestController
com/app/doggi/controller/dtos/stdout/NatureStdOutDto.java
 com.app.doggi.controller.dtos.stdout.NatureStdOutDto
com/app/doggi/controller/ColorRestController.java
 com.app.doggi.controller.ColorRestController
com/app/doggi/utils/exceptions/InvalidDataException.java
 com.app.doggi.utils.exceptions.InvalidDataException
com/app/doggi/utils/exceptionhandler/ErrorResponse.java
 com.app.doggi.utils.exceptionhandler.ErrorResponse
com/app/doggi/service/mapper/IColorMapper.java
 com.app.doggi.service.mapper.IColorMapper
com/app/doggi/service/interfaces/IColorService.java
 com.app.doggi.service.interfaces.IColorService
com/app/doggi/controller/dtos/stdout/ColorStdOutDto.java
 com.app.doggi.controller.dtos.stdout.ColorStdOutDto
com/app/doggi/repository/IDogBreedRepository.java
 com.app.doggi.repository.IDogBreedRepository
com/app/doggi/utils/exceptions/DogBreedColorsMandatoryException.java
 com.app.doggi.utils.exceptions.DogBreedColorsMandatoryException
com/app/doggi/utils/exceptions/DogBreedNameMandatoryException.java
 com.app.doggi.utils.exceptions.DogBreedNameMandatoryException
com/app/doggi/utils/exceptions/DogBreedNaturesMandatoryException.java
 com.app.doggi.utils.exceptions.DogBreedNaturesMandatoryException
com/app/doggi/service/implementation/DogBreedServiceImpl.java
 com.app.doggi.service.implementation.DogBreedServiceImpl
com/app/doggi/utils/exceptions/DogBreedLifeExpectancyMandatoryException.java
 com.app.doggi.utils.exceptions.DogBreedLifeExpectancyMandatoryException
com/app/doggi/model/Color.java
 com.app.doggi.model.Color
com/app/doggi/utils/exceptions/ColorDoesNotExistException.java
 com.app.doggi.utils.exceptions.ColorDoesNotExistException
com/app/doggi/utils/exceptions/DogBreedWeightMandatoryException.java
 com.app.doggi.utils.exceptions.DogBreedWeightMandatoryException
com/app/doggi/service/implementation/NatureServiceImpl.java
 com.app.doggi.service.implementation.NatureServiceImpl
com/app/doggi/service/interfaces/INatureService.java
 com.app.doggi.service.interfaces.INatureService
com/app/doggi/service/mapper/INatureMapper.java
 com.app.doggi.service.mapper.INatureMapper
com/app/doggi/model/Nature.java
 com.app.doggi.model.Nature
com/app/doggi/service/mapper/IDogBreedMapper.java
 com.app.doggi.service.mapper.IDogBreedMapper
com/app/doggi/utils/exceptions/DogBreedDoesNotExistException.java
 com.app.doggi.utils.exceptions.DogBreedDoesNotExistException
com/app/doggi/repository/IColorRespository.java
 com.app.doggi.repository.IColorRespository
com/app/doggi/controller/dtos/stdin/NatureStdInDto.java
 com.app.doggi.controller.dtos.stdin.NatureStdInDto
com/app/doggi/utils/exceptions/DogBreedDoesNotHaveColorException.java
 com.app.doggi.utils.exceptions.DogBreedDoesNotHaveColorException
com/app/doggi/controller/dtos/stdin/ColorStdInDto.java
 com.app.doggi.controller.dtos.stdin.ColorStdInDto
com/app/doggi/repository/INatureRepository.java
 com.app.doggi.repository.INatureRepository
com/app/doggi/controller/dtos/stdout/DogBreedStdOutDto.java
 com.app.doggi.controller.dtos.stdout.DogBreedStdOutDto
com/app/doggi/DoggiApplication.java
 com.app.doggi.DoggiApplication
com/app/doggi/service/interfaces/IDogBreedService.java
 com.app.doggi.service.interfaces.IDogBreedService
com/app/doggi/controller/DogBreedRestController.java
 com.app.doggi.controller.DogBreedRestController
